Batched csr in ParametrizedEvolution with jax version bump (#4126)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  `use_device_gradient`, and `grad_on_execution`.
  [(#4102)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4102)

> * `pulse.ParametrizedEvolution` now uses _batched_ compressed sparse row (`BCSR`) format. This allows computing jacobians of the unitary directly with `dense=False`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `pulse.ParametrizedEvolution` now uses _batched_ compressed sparse row (`BCSR`) format. This allows computing Jacobians of the unitary directly even when `dense=False`.
```

Reviewer: Otherwise sounds like it's _only_ possible with `dense=False`.
